README.md, before:

# Create: Tweaked Controllers

<img src="src/main/resources/logo.png" width="" height="100">

A [Create](https://github.com/Creators-of-Create/Create) mod addon that let you control your contraptions using an advanced controller, that you can use with your mouse, keyboard or even your gamepad !

CurseForge link [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-tweaked-controllers)  
Modrinth link [here](https://modrinth.com/mod/create-tweaked-controllers)  

## Building

First of all, you will need a JDK (java development kit) version 17 to build this mod.  
You can check your Java version by running the command  
```java --version```  

Now go to the root of the project, and run  
```./gradlew build```  
to build the project  

The output is located here :  
```build/libs```  

## Using the mod

Please check [the wiki](https://github.com/getItemFromBlock/Create-Tweaked-Controllers/wiki) for more information.

## Supported input method

This mod relies on GLFW (the input/output library used by Minecraft) to handle joystick inputs.  
GLFW handle joystick as follows:  
- If it is detected by GLFW, it will be labelled as a joystick; it will have all of its axis and buttons stored in an unorganised way (the way the driver reads the values)  
- If it has a known mapping, GLFW will also register it as a gamepad. In this situation there will always be 6 axis and 15 buttons which should be roughly the same on all gamepads (note that on some gamepads the A/B-X/Y buttons are inverted, and the two back trigger axis can just be shoulder buttons)  
  
Any joystick/gamepad can work with the mod, as long as it is detected by GLFW.
However, you will need to enable advanced input mode for that. Please check [the wiki](https://github.com/getItemFromBlock/Create-Tweaked-Controllers/wiki) for more infos.  

Here is a list of supported devices:  
- Keyboard  
- Mouse buttons  
- Mouse cursor movements  
- Official gamepads such as Xbox controllers or Playstation DualShock are supported  
- Knockoff/alternate gamepads (like a Logitech controller) should work  
- Joysticks/hotas/racing wheels and other devices should be supported, but I have been proven wrong multiple times already, so if it does not you can still try a gamepad/xbox controller emulator.  
- WiiMotes are (sadly) not supported  

## Remarks

Due to a Create limitation, if a network is updated too many times it will break. This can happen if you connect an axis output to an Adjustable Chain Gearshift, for example. This behavior has been disabled since version 1.2.3 of the mod.  

The joystick axis are directly read from GLFW. With most if not all gamepads, the +X axis points to the right, and the +Y axis points down.

IF YOU USE A NINTENDO CONTROLLER, YOU MIGHT WANT TO TAKE A LOOK AT THIS: [https://github.com/getItemFromBlock/Create-Tweaked-Controllers/issues/1](https://github.com/getItemFromBlock/Create-Tweaked-Controllers/issues/1).

Commit message:

[added] discord link to readme

README.md, after:

# Create: Tweaked Controllers

<img src="src/main/resources/logo.png" width="" height="100">

A [Create](https://github.com/Creators-of-Create/Create) mod addon that let you control your contraptions using an advanced controller, that you can use with your mouse, keyboard or even your gamepad !

CurseForge link [here](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-tweaked-controllers)  
Modrinth link [here](https://modrinth.com/mod/create-tweaked-controllers)  
Discord link [here](https://discord.gg/3AvrppcgG3) (search for the Tweaked Controllers channel)  

## Building

First of all, you will need a JDK (java development kit) version 17 to build this mod.  
You can check your Java version by running the command  
```java --version```  

Now go to the root of the project, and run  
```./gradlew build```  
to build the project  

The output is located here :  
```build/libs```  

## Using the mod

Please check [the wiki](https://github.com/getItemFromBlock/Create-Tweaked-Controllers/wiki) for more information.

## Supported input method

This mod relies on GLFW (the input/output library used by Minecraft) to handle joystick inputs.  
GLFW handle joystick as follows:  
- If it is detected by GLFW, it will be labelled as a joystick; it will have all of its axis and buttons stored in an unorganised way (the way the driver reads the values)  
- If it has a known mapping, GLFW will also register it as a gamepad. In this situation there will always be 6 axis and 15 buttons which should be roughly the same on all gamepads (note that on some gamepads the A/B-X/Y buttons are inverted, and the two back trigger axis can just be shoulder buttons)  
  
Any joystick/gamepad can work with the mod, as long as it is detected by GLFW.
However, you will need to enable advanced input mode for that. Please check [the wiki](https://github.com/getItemFromBlock/Create-Tweaked-Controllers/wiki) for more infos.  

Here is a list of supported devices:  
- Keyboard  
- Mouse buttons  
- Mouse cursor movements  
- Official gamepads such as Xbox controllers or Playstation DualShock are supported  
- Knockoff/alternate gamepads (like a Logitech controller) should work  
- Joysticks/hotas/racing wheels and other devices should be supported, but I have been proven wrong multiple times already, so if it does not you can still try a gamepad/xbox controller emulator.  
- WiiMotes are (sadly) not supported  

## Remarks

Due to a Create limitation, if a network is updated too many times it will break. This can happen if you connect an axis output to an Adjustable Chain Gearshift, for example. This behavior has been disabled since version 1.2.3 of the mod.  

The joystick axis are directly read from GLFW. With most if not all gamepads, the +X axis points to the right, and the +Y axis points down.

IF YOU USE A NINTENDO CONTROLLER, YOU MIGHT WANT TO TAKE A LOOK AT THIS: [https://github.com/getItemFromBlock/Create-Tweaked-Controllers/issues/1](https://github.com/getItemFromBlock/Create-Tweaked-Controllers/issues/1).
